Added upstash example (#390)
grafbase/grafbase: examples/resolvers-upstash-ratelimit/README.md

# Grafbase ⨯ Upstash

> This examples hows how to create a Grafbase resolver limited by Upstash rate-limiting library on the edge &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/working-with-resolvers-and-upstash-ratelimit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples shows how to create a Grafbase resolver rate limited by the Upstash ratelimit library on the edge &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/working-with-resolvers-and-upstash-ratelimit)
```
